README.md, before:

# ARH Fan Update

![arh_screenshot](https://github.com/ynazar1/Arh/assets/43916837/17d456aa-560a-4d5d-845e-d6625eff8bc7)

Updated Arh WoW addon. This is a fan-maintained update for retail. Tested working with DF 10.1.5.

[Old & Broken Version on Curse](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/arh) 

### Archaeology Helper accelerates your surveying by providing triangulation on a Heads-Up Display (HUD)
- Convenient Survey Button
- Green, yellow, or red button to add new sectors to the HUD and narrow down the position of your fragment
- Mount one of your favorited mounts (or druid flight form) while looking for fragments
- Keybindings and various settings in the addon config GUI
- (Optional) HUD includes GatherMate2 pins showing possible fragment positions, further accelerating the process
- (Optional) Shows Dig Sites on Battlefield Minimap

### HUD/Overlay
On the HUD you can also see player arrow in the center and very small red circle that represents survey success range and all colored transparent overlapping areas that were set by you with colored buttons.

### Installation (Pick one)
#### Recommended Method: 
* Use [wowup application](https://wowup.io) and add this repo to pull the latest version.
#### Manual Method:
1. Get the latest ```Arh-###.zip``` file from the [releases](https://github.com/ynazar1/Arh/releases) section. 
2. Unzip the contents, you'll have the folder named ```Arh``` with files inside
3. Put it into your ```World of Warcraft\_retail_\Interface\AddOns``` directory

### Usage
1. Go to dig site, Right Click last button (spade) to show HUD and Left Click to cast Survey. 
2. ROTATE YOUR CHAR, BUT DON'T MOVE in the needed direction and press colored button according to Survey result. 
3. Move to other location, do same again.
- Recommended to use in conjunction with GatherMate2, which will show all previous or imported dig-points on the HUD. When using GatherMate2 jump onto fragment before gathering! GatherMate2 data accuracy depends on that.
- Minimap zoom buttons and rotation also zoom and rotate the HUD display.

### Controls
- Left Click main window to move it
- Right Click main window: opens config
- Left Click on colored button: adds new sector to the HUD
- Right Click on colored button: temporarily hide/show that color
- Arrow button: undo last sector
- Left Click spade: cast Survey
- Right Click spade: show/hide the HUD
- Middle Click spade: open Archaeology window
- Use "/arh" for command line help

Commit message:

Update readme to clarify Cataclysm. Closes #12

README.md, after:

# ARH Fan Update

![arh_screenshot](https://github.com/ynazar1/Arh/assets/43916837/17d456aa-560a-4d5d-845e-d6625eff8bc7)

Updated Arh WoW addon. This is a fan-maintained. 

### Compatibility
- Works with retail
- Works with Cataclysm Classic, make sure to use [Gathermate2-classic](https://github.com/Nevcairiel/GatherMate2) with Cataclysm

[Old & Broken Version on Curse](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/arh) 

### Archaeology Helper accelerates your surveying by providing triangulation on a Heads-Up Display (HUD)
- Convenient Survey Button
- Green, yellow, or red button to add new sectors to the HUD and narrow down the position of your fragment
- Mount one of your favorited mounts (or druid flight form) while looking for fragments
- Keybindings and various settings in the addon config GUI
- (Optional) HUD includes GatherMate2 pins showing possible fragment positions, further accelerating the process
- (Optional) Shows Dig Sites on Battlefield Minimap

### HUD/Overlay
On the HUD you can also see player arrow in the center and very small red circle that represents survey success range and all colored transparent overlapping areas that were set by you with colored buttons.

### Installation (Pick one)
#### Recommended Method: 
* Use [wowup application](https://wowup.io) and add this repo to pull the latest version.
#### Manual Method:
1. Get the latest ```Arh-###.zip``` file from the [releases](https://github.com/ynazar1/Arh/releases) section. 
2. Unzip the contents, you'll have the folder named ```Arh``` with files inside
3. Put it into your ```World of Warcraft\_retail_\Interface\AddOns``` directory

### Usage
1. Go to dig site, Right Click last button (spade) to show HUD and Left Click to cast Survey. 
2. ROTATE YOUR CHAR, BUT DON'T MOVE in the needed direction and press colored button according to Survey result. 
3. Move to other location, do same again.
- Recommended to use in conjunction with GatherMate2, which will show all previous or imported dig-points on the HUD. When using GatherMate2 jump onto fragment before gathering! GatherMate2 data accuracy depends on that.
- Minimap zoom buttons and rotation also zoom and rotate the HUD display.

### Controls
- Left Click main window to move it
- Right Click main window: opens config
- Left Click on colored button: adds new sector to the HUD
- Right Click on colored button: temporarily hide/show that color
- Arrow button: undo last sector
- Left Click spade: cast Survey
- Right Click spade: show/hide the HUD
- Middle Click spade: open Archaeology window
- Use "/arh" for command line help
